[phone buzzing]
[KOGUMA]
Hmm?
[buzzing continues]
Hey, Shii.
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
[SHII]
Puh... Please...
Huh?
[KOGUMA grunts]
[SHII]
Help me...
[gasps]
[SHII whimpering]
Shii, what's wrong?!
[SHII]
I crashed my bike...
Off the cat trail...
and I'm in the river...
The water's so cold...
I can't get out...
[gasps]
You're going to be fine.
My Super Cub and I
are coming to save you.
[sighs]
[KOGUMA grunts]
Ah!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[KOGUMA panting]
Huh?
[KOGUMA grunting]
[KOGUMA groans]
[SHII whimpers]
You're here, Koguma...
I'm here, Shii.
[KOGUMA groaning]
[KOGUMA]
Are you all right?
Wake up!
[grunts]
[SHII groans]
I'm so glad that you found me...
You really came to the rescue.
[SHII]
I'm cold...
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
Ah.
I won't be able to climb back
up there if I'm carrying you.
I'll help you, but you'll
have to pull yourself.
[SHII grunts]
[KOGUMA, SHII
grunting, groaning]
I'm... sorry to
weigh you down...
You weigh less than my Cub.
I think.
[SHII]
Okay. Is there help coming...?
The police, or an ambulance?
[KOGUMA]
I didn't called them.
I live close.
We can get you a hot bath
and some dry clothes.
Then I'll take you home.
[SHII whines]
[SHII whimpers]
[receiver ringing]
[REIKO]
What's up?
[gasps]
Is she okay?!
If she's hurt--
[KOGUMA]
She's fine.
[KOGUMA] Yeah, exactly.
If you could, thanks.
Ah?
There's no need to call
for fire and rescue,
but I did call someone
with the same paint job.
[SHII groans]
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
Hmm.
[SHII]
Hmm...?
[KOGUMA groans]
[SHII]
Ah?
Ah!
Hold on... You're not...?
You're not, right?
Koguma?
If it can hold a full route's
worth of newspapers,
it can carry you. Let's go.
Please... stop...!
Just one second.
[SHII]
Ah?
Get undressed.
[SHII groans]
[SHII]
Oh. Sorry.
No, you're fine.
[SHII sighs]
[KOGUMA]
I'm going to wash your clothes.
That shampoo and
body soap is all I've got.
R-Right, thank you, Koguma...
[KOGUMA]
You can thank my Cub.
[SHII]
Mm...
So, her phone made it through.
But then...
[SHII'S FATHER] I think she
wants to be more like you.
Wait. Really?
[SHII'S FATHER]
Yeah!
She's out on her bike a whole
lot more than she used to be.
She's not just
running errands, either.
In a way, it feels like she's
trying to catch up to you two.
I might have been thinking
more about myself than her
when I ordered
her a Moulton,
but she finally started
bonding with it.
Honestly, I'm a little touched.
[KOGUMA sighs]
[SHII]
Koguma...?
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
Uh. Sorry.
Is the bath free?
Ah! Reiko?
[REIKO]
Don't mind if I do!
Um.
Ah--!
Wah!
You don't need to do that!
Don't worry about these!
[KOGUMA] You're not putting
them back on wet, right?
[SHII]
Ah!
[whines]
It's okay. I'll hang them up.
[SHII whines]
It's always dry in this room
during the winter.
Your clothes should
all be fine by morning.
[SHII]
'Kay!
There.
[SHII]
Mm...
Um. I would really like
to help you with dinner--
[KOGUMA]
I'm about done.
[SHII]
Aw...
[groans]
[SHII]
Mm...
All right. Please enjoy.
Ah! That smells so good.
Oh my gosh,
where are your clothes?!
[REIKO]
Whoa, curry udon?!
You know that stains like crazy!
Glad I'm--
[grunts]
Wear the coveralls.
Getting stained
is what they're made for.
Aw!
[SHII chuckles nervously]
[KOGUMA]
Let's eat.
[SHII]
Ah...
Thank you for the food.
[SHII]
Mm. Yum.
[REIKO]
Hmm...
Ah! You've got
hard-boiled eggs!
[KOGUMA]
Hmm?
[chuckles]
Ask first.
Oh, relax.
After all, Shii's body
needs protein to heal!
[REIKO]
Your topping, miss.
I appreciate your hospitality.
Think nothing of it, my friend!
You don't need more protein.
I do.
You know I've done at least
an egg's worth of work tonight.
Ah!
[SHII chuckles]
Here's yours.
[REIKO giggles]
[chuckles]
Please allow me to handle
the washing up, at least.
Shii?
[SHII]
Yes?
Need something?
Your Moulton's in...
pretty bad shape.
[SHII sniffling]
[SHII sobbing softly]
I can't stand it...
I can't deal with winter...
There's no reason
it should get this cold...
[whimpers]
[SHII]
Please help, Koguma...
Can you just... make it
spring again for me?
I need you and your
Super Cub to rescue me again...
Okay...?
Just take the cold and
the dark away somewhere...
Anywhere!
Please bring
spring back for me...
[sobs]
That's all I ask for!
I'm begging you...
[sobbing]
Please...
[sobbing continues]
Sorry...
[SHII sobbing]
[KOGUMA] My Cub can
do a lot, but not that.
Thank you both so much.
Sincerely. I don't know
how we'll ever repay you.
I-It's fine.
[SHII'S FATHER]
Take this!
For the next year,
coffee's on us.
It's for the both of you,
whenever you like.
[KOGUMA]
Ah. Thank you very much.
[REIKO] So, like, all we can
drink, free, for a year?
Yup!
[REIKO]
Really?!
Darling. The sandwiches, too.
Ah, right you are.
Could I see that, please?
Okay. You're covered
on sandwiches
and baked goods as well.
Ah!
--[giggles]
--Ah?
[REIKO]
Can we start using it right now?
--[SHII'S FATHER] Of course!
--[REIKO] Heck yes!
Now, what do I want...?
[KOGUMA] The air over Hokuto is
still heavy with winter's chill.
And the mountain winds
of the Southern Alps
pierce through the town.
Much like the weather,
we quickly settled back
into our old patterns.
[SHII]
Good morning, you two!
[KOGUMA, REIKO]
Good morning.
[KOGUMA]
At Shii's house,
there was an old bike nobody
had ridden for some time.
Compared to her small-wheeled
Moulton road racer,
this old city cycle,
with its full-sized wheels,
is a poor fit for her.
[KOGUMA] We travel the
same old roads on our Cubs,
and Shii on her granny bike.
We ride to school each day.
And then we just ride home.
[KOGUMA]
Our Cubs are fully equipped
to handle the winter cold.
The harsh weather can't
disrupt our daily routine.
Even the snow, when it comes.
We've solved all our issues,
and bought everything we needed.
[KOGUMA] Whatever had stood
in our way is gone now.
[KOGUMA] Shii has
suspended her plan to turn
her family's dining area
into an Italian-style café.
I asked her when she
planned to start up again,
and she just said, "In a while."
Thank you so much for coming by!
[KOGUMA]
With an ambivalent smile.
[RADIO 2A] News from the
Kagoshima Weather Observatory.
Their cherry blossoms
are in bloom.
The yoshino cherries blossomed
four days later than last year,
but still nine days earlier--
[REIKO] I'm so glad
to be done with finals.
Tomorrow's the
first day of vacation.
Do you have plans
for the break, Koguma?
--Not really.
--[SHII] Ah.
Do you, Reiko?
Nah. Y'know, except
for riding my Cub.
[SHII giggles]
[CUSTOMER 11A]
Excuse me.
Ah! Coming!
Please stay as long as you like.
Welcome to Beurre!
[REIKO]
Thanks again!
--[SHII] Um...
--[KOGUMA, REIKO] Mm?
Please visit us
again soon, okay?
--We will.
--Oh, for sure!
[SHII]
Hmm!
I'd love... if spring
got here early.
When spring arrives,
these cherry blossoms
all around us will bloom.
I heard on the news that they
were blooming in Kagoshima.
Ah.
[REIKO chuckles]
You wanna go see 'em?
[SHII]
Huh?
I bet so. Right, Shii?
Uh...
I'm not certain...
if it's realistic...
[SHII whimpers]
[KOGUMA]
...but maybe we could.
Ah.
Huh?
Possibly. I guess.
Ah!
Koguma! If you do go...
...I'd really like
to go there with you!
[gasps]
[KOGUMA] I'd been told that
she'd wanted to be like us.
That she was trying
to catch up to us.
But... I was trying to catch up
to her from the start.
[KOGUMA] I don't know
if she would remember it.
That day... when she
passed me on the hill.
And it's more than that.
It's the way she's
always looking forward.
Running toward the future.
And that's why I've
been chasing after her.
[KOGUMA] She was the girl
who led me to my Cub.
And my Cub led me back to her.
[KOGUMA]
My life before had nothing.
But now...
[KOGUMA]
Looking back at the past months,
winter tried to kill
the three of us.
Which meant our best bet
was to escape it together.
Escape into spring on our Cubs.
[KOGUMA] Episode 12,
"Super Cub."